None selected 

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
initial 
Initial Docker setup for n8n
Inbox

Soh Jiong Hao <sohjnthn@gmail.com>
16 Aug 2026, 08:28 (2 days ago)
to me

Skip to main content
Accessibility help
AI Mode
All
Short videos
News
Forums
More
Upgrade






is n8n free account after trial duration still free to use
No, an n8n Cloud trial account is not free to use after the trial ends; you must upgrade to a paid plan to keep using that cloud workspace. However, n8n is permanently free if you download and self-host the software yourself. 
image.png
n8n Community
 +3
n8n Cloud vs. Self-Hosted
n8n Cloud Trial:
Lasts for 14 days with access to Pro features.
Automatically expires without charging you if you do not add a card or upgrade.
Your workspace and workflows will lock and eventually get deleted if you do not subscribe. 
image.png
n8n Community
 +5
n8n Community Edition (Self-Hosted):
100% free forever.
Run it on your own server or computer using Docker or npm.
Includes unlimited executions and core integrations, though you manage the hosting upkeep yourself. 
image.png
n8n Community
 +2
If you'd like, I can help you with:
Step-by-step instructions on how to self-host n8n for free using Docker
Tips on how to export your workflows from an expiring cloud trial




image.png
n8n Community

Trying to reactivate my account 90 days after free trial
N8n Cloud Data Recovery: N8n Cloud free trial workspaces and their data are permanently deleted and unrecoverable 90 days after th...
image.png
n8n Community

Request to Recover Missing Project and Extend Free Trial - Questions
https://future-is-coming.app.n8n.cloud/ I believe this may have happened because my free trial expired. I was still in the process...
image.png
N8N

n8n Plans and Pricing - n8n.io
When you start a free trial on the Business plan, you'll get full access to all Business features for 14 days. No credit card is r...
image.jpeg
Show all


Step-by-step instructions on how to self-host n8n for free using Docker
Here is the step-by-step guide to self-host n8n for free using Docker.
You can run this on your local computer (Windows, Mac, or Linux) for testing, or deploy it to a free/cheap cloud server (like Oracle Cloud Free Tier, DigitalOcean, or AWS EC2) to keep it running 24/7. 
Prerequisites
Before you start, make sure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system. 
If you are on Windows or Mac, download and run Docker Desktop.
If you are on Linux, install Docker using your package manager. 
Step 1: Create a Project Directory
Open your terminal (or Command Prompt / PowerShell on Windows) and create a folder to keep your n8n setup organized. 
bash
mkdir n8n-local
cd n8n-local
Use code with caution.

Step 2: Create the Configuration File
You need to create a file named docker-compose.yml inside this folder. This file tells Docker exactly how to download, configure, and run n8n. 
Create a new file named docker-compose.yml using a text editor (like VS Code, Notepad, or Nano).
Copy and paste the following configuration into the file: 
yaml
version: '3.8'

services:
  n8n:
    image: docker.n8n.io/n8nio/n8n:latest
    container_name: n8n
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - "5678:5678"
    volumes:
      - n8n_data:/home/node/.local/share/n8n
    environment:
      - N8N_SECURE_COOKIE=false

volumes:
  n8n_data:
    external: false
Use code with caution.

Save and close the file. 
Step 3: Launch n8n
In your terminal, make sure you are still inside the n8n-local folder where your docker-compose.yml file is saved. Run the following command to start n8n: 
bash
docker compose up -d
Use code with caution.

(Note: If you are using an older version of Docker, you might need to type docker-compose up -d with a hyphen instead.)
What this does:
-d runs the container in "detached" mode (in the background).
Docker will download the official n8n image (this takes a minute the first time).
It creates a permanent storage space (volumes) so your workflows and credentials are saved even if you restart your computer. 
Step 4: Access the n8n Dashboard
Once the command finishes, open your web browser and go to:
👉 http://localhost:5678 
You will be greeted by the n8n setup screen. Follow the prompts to create your owner account (this is stored entirely locally on your machine). 
How to Manage Your n8n Instance
To stop n8n: Run docker compose down from your project folder.
To start it again: Run docker compose up -d.
To update n8n to the latest version: Run docker compose pull followed by docker compose up -d. 
To help you get the most out of your new setup, let me know if you want to know:
How to import workflows you exported from your trial account
How to expose your local n8n to the internet using tunneling tools (like tunnels or ngrok) so webhooks can trigger your workflows automatically 





Mpire Solutions

How to Use n8n for Free and Run Unlimited Automations
How do I host n8n for free? You can host n8n at no cost by deploying it on platforms like Docker, local servers or free tiers of c...


Reddit

How Do i get free n8n access for longer time : r/n8n
Comments Section If you are using it for personal projects and to improve your n8n skills, then you can host it locally in your la...


n8n Community

What are the free hosting or generous free plan hosting for workflow but not render or railway
The best genuinely free, always-on option is Oracle Cloud's Always Free tier. You get an Ampere ARM VM that runs 24/7 at no cost, ...
Show all


What are n8n workflows for?
n8n workflows are used to automate repetitive tasks and connect different apps together without writing code. They act as a visual bridge between services, allowing data to flow automatically from one app to another based on triggers you define. 
Instead of manually copying data, checking for updates, or sending repetitive emails, you build a workflow once, and n8n runs it automatically. 
Core Components of a Workflow
Every n8n workflow is built using a combination of nodes: 
Triggers: The event that starts the workflow (e.g., "When a new email arrives", "Every day at 9:00 AM", or "When a webhook is received").
Actions: What n8n should do with the data (e.g., "Create a row in Google Sheets", "Send a Slack message", or "Generate a PDF").
Logic/Data Nodes: Tools to filter data, split paths (if/then conditions), or format text and dates. 
Common Use Cases for n8n Workflows
1. Lead Management & CRM Updates
Example: When a new lead submits a form on your website (Typeform/Webflow), n8n automatically adds them to your CRM (HubSpot/Salesforce), sends a notification to your sales channel on Slack, and drafts a personalized welcome email in Gmail. 
2. Data Synchronization & Backups
Example: Every night, n8n grabs new invoices from your e-commerce platform (Shopify/Stripe), backs up the raw data into a database (PostgreSQL/MySQL), and uploads a PDF copy to Google Drive or Dropbox. 
3. AI & Content Automation
Example: When you add a content topic to Notion, n8n sends the prompt to an AI service (OpenAI/Anthropic) to generate a social media caption, passes it through an image generator, and schedules the post on LinkedIn. 
4. Project Management Alerts
Example: If a high-priority bug is opened in GitHub or Jira, n8n can immediately ping the engineering team on Microsoft Teams and create a calendar event for an emergency sync.
n8n vs. Zapier / Make
While tools like Zapier do similar things, n8n workflows stand out because:
No Volume Limits: Since you are self-hosting, you can run millions of tasks for free without hitting a monthly limit.
Advanced Logic: n8n easily handles complex loops, data merges, and custom JavaScript/Python code snippets right inside the workflow.
Privacy: Your data never leaves your server, making it ideal for sensitive business data. 
If you are ready to build your first automation, tell me which apps you want to connect or what manual task you are trying to eliminate, and I can design a custom workflow layout for you!





AccuWeb Hosting

What is n8n? Workflow Automation Tool, Features & Self-Hosting
n8n is a Fair-code workflow automation platform that allows users to connect apps, APIs, and services to automate repetitive tasks...

...

[Message clipped]  View entire message
n8n ica_notification@ica.gov.sg. Press Tab to insert.